# UmmyVideoConverter
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

NOTICE TO USER:
THIS IS A CONTRACT.  THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT THAT SHOULD BE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY. AT THE END, YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND CONTINUE TO INSTALL OR, IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT, TO DECLINE THIS AGREEMENT, IN WHICH CASE YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE, INSTALL OR OPERATE THE PRODUCT, AS DEFINED BELOW.  BY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  THIS INSTALLATION PROCESS (WHICH MAY BE VIA A CD-ROM OR A WEB-BASED DOWNLOAD) PERMITS YOU TO INSTALL THE CURRENT VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE. 

This Electronic End User License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or an entity), (the “Licensee”), and Magicbit, Inc., (the “Magicbit”), regarding the software and service titled “ Ummy Video Downloader ” that you about to download, downloaded, or otherwise obtained through Magicbit’s website(s) or other resources or media including without limitation  though a network in object code form via websites, file sharing networks, P2P networks, file archives, FTP servers or other related services, including without limitation (a) all of the contents of the files in any media with which this Agreement is provided (the “Software”),  (b) all successor upgrades, revisions, patches, enhancements, fixes modifications, copies, additions or maintenance releases of the Software, if any, including new builds of the same version or release, licensed to you by the Magicbit (collectively, the “Updates”), provided that the Updates shall not include a new subsequent releases of the Software bearing a new first numeral (e.g. 3.0 or 4.0) or a change in a decimal number (e.g. 3.8 or 3.9) (“New Releases”), and c) related user documentation and explanatory materials or files provided in written, “online” or electronic form (the “Documentation” and together with the Software, the “Product”).  

You are subject to the terms and conditions of this End User License Agreement whether you access or obtain the Product directly from the Magicbit, or through any other source.   For purposes hereof, “you” means the individual person installing or using the Product on his or her own behalf.

For the purposes of this Agreement, “Magicbit Site” shall mean the Internet website maintained by or on behalf of Magicbit from which the Software is available for download pursuant to a license from Magicbit.  The Magicbit Site is currently located at http://videodownloader.ummy.net/

By accessing, downloading, storing, loading, installing, executing, displaying, copying the Product into the memory of a computer or otherwise benefiting from using the functionality of the Product in accordance with the Documentation (“Operating”), you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Magicbit is unwilling to license the Product to you.  In such event, you may not Operate or use the Product in any way.
 
BEFORE YOU “CHECK” THE “I AGREE WITH TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT” CAREFULLY READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR PLACING A “CHECK” NEXT TO “I AGREE WITH TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT” IS A SYMBOL OF YOUR SIGNATURE AND BY “CHECKING” “I AGREE WITH TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT” YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PLACE A “CHECK” NEXT TO THE “I DO NOT AGREE” AND THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT BE INSTALLED ON YOUR COMPUTER.  This Product will not install on your computer unless or until you accept the terms of this Agreement.  You may also receive a copy of this Agreement by contacting the Magicbit at: ummysoft@gmail.com
 
1.	Proprietary Rights and Non-Disclosure.
1.1.  	 Ownership Rights. You agree that the Product and the authorship, systems, ideas, methods of operation, documentation and other information contained in the Product, are proprietary intellectual properties and/or the valuable trade secrets of the Magicbit or its suppliers and/or Magicbits and are protected by civil and criminal law, and by the law of copyright, trade secret, trademark and patent of the United States, other countries and international treaties.  You may use trademarks only insofar as to identify printed output produced by the Product in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademark owner’s name.  Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark.  The Magicbit and/or its suppliers own and retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Product, including without limitations any error corrections, enhancements or other modifications to the Software, whether made by the Magicbit or any third party, and all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights therein.  Your possession, installation or use of the Product does not transfer to you any title to the intellectual property in the Product, and you will not acquire any rights to the Product except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.  All copies of the Product made hereunder must contain the same proprietary notices that appear on and in the Product.  Except as stated herein, this Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Product and you acknowledge that the License, as further defined herein, granted under this Agreement only provides you with a right of limited use under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Magicbit reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement.
1.2.  	Source Code. You acknowledge that the source code for the Product is proprietary to the Magicbit or its suppliers and/or Magicbits and constitutes trade secrets of the Magicbit or its suppliers and/or Magicbits.  You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Product in any way. 
1.3.  	 Confidential Information.  You agree that, unless otherwise specifically provided herein the Product, including the specific design and structure of individual programs and the Product, constitute confidential proprietary information of the Magicbit or its suppliers and/or Magicbits.  You agree not to transfer, copy, disclose, provide or otherwise make available such confidential information in any form to any third party.  You agree to implement reasonable security measures to protect such confidential information provided however, that you may make and distribute unlimited copies of the Product in object code only as long as each copy that you make and distribute contains this Agreement subject to end user’s acceptance before the first use, and the same copyright and other proprietary notices pertaining to the Product that appear in the Product. If you download the Software from the Internet or similar on-line source, you must include the copyright notices resident on the Software with any on-line distribution and on any media you distribute that includes the Software. 
1.4.  	No Modification.  You agree not to modify or alter the Product in any way.  You may not remove or alter any copyright notices or other proprietary notices on any copies of the Product.
1.5.  	Prohibited Uses. You agree that you will not: 
a).	Engage in any act that Magicbit deems in its reasonable discretion to be in conflict with the spirit or intended use of the products and related service; 
b).	Make improper Use of Magicbit’s Product;
c).	Use the Product, intentionally or unintentionally, in connection with any violation of any applicable law or regulation, or do anything that promotes the violation of any applicable law or regulation;
d).	Institute, assist or become involved in any type of attack, including without limitation distribution of a virus, denial of service attacks upon the Product, or other attempts to disrupt the related service; 
e).	Make available through the Service (as such terms described in applicable Terms of Service) any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other right of any person or entity or impersonates any other person, including without limitation a Magicbit employee;
f).	Use, facilitate, create, or maintain any unauthorized connection with the Product, including without limitation (1) any connection to any unauthorized server that emulates, or attempts to emulate any part of the Product; or (2) any connection using programs, tools, or software not expressly approved by Magicbit;
g).	Bundle the Product in whole or in part with any other products, applications or extensions without Magicbit’s prior explicit written approval; and 
h).	Distribute or otherwise disseminate the Product in whole or in part apart from its installer application (i.e “portable version”).
2.	Grant of License.
2.1.  	License.  The Magicbit grants you the non-exclusive and non-transferable license to store, load, install, execute, and display (to “Use”) solely for Personal Use this Software and solely in connection with the Services described in detail at: http://videodownloader.ummy.net/terms.html  on any number  of computers, workstations, personal digital assistants, ‘smart phones,’ mobile phones, hand-held devices, or other electronic devices for which the software was designed (each a “Client Device”) pursuant to the terms set forth hereto or all other applicable documentation, including, without limitation Terms of Service: http://videodownloader.ummy.net/terms.html]and Privacy Policy: http://videodownloader.ummy.net/privacy-policy.html (“License”) and you hereby agree and accept such License.  For purposes hereof, “Personal Use” shall mean personal non-commercial use and excludes any commercial purposes whatsoever, which include without limitation: advertising marketing and promotional materials/services on behalf of an actual client, employer, employee or for your own benefit, any products that are commercially distributed, whether or not for a fee, any materials or services for sale or for which fees or charges are paid. 
2.2.  	Updates.  During the Term of this Agreement, you may receive automatic Updates to the Product from time to time.   This Agreement does not obligate the Magicbit to provide any Updates.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Updates that you may receive become part of the Product and the terms of this Agreement apply to them (unless this Agreement is superseded by a further agreement accompanying such Update or modified version of to the Product). 
2.3.  	Third Party Materials.  While Operating and/or Using the Product you may be using certain third-party software and/or materials, including without limitation materials that are licensed pursuant MPL License (“Third Party Materials”).  Third Party Materials are not under Magicbit’s control and (ii) subject to the applicable licenses, privacy policies and respective terms and conditions of such third parties which you may need to enter into prior or subsequent to the installation and/or use of the Third Party Materials.  
2.4.  	Legal Purpose. You agree to use the Product and Services only for purposes permitted by this Agreement and applicable Terms of Service as well as any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions.  MAGICBIT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, OR REGULATIONS COMMITTED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY AT YOUR BEHEST. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT YOUR USE OF THE MAGICBIT PRODUCT AND SERVICES DOES NOT CONTRAVENE APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, OR REGULATIONS.  Specifically, you agree and warrant that in using the Product and Services, your actions do not contravene the laws, rules, or regulations of (1) the country, state, or locality where you reside, or (2) the country, state, or locality where Magicbit is located or operates.  This includes complying with applicable export and import restrictions as well as other restrictions.  
2.5.  	Term and Termination.  The term of this Agreement (“Term”) shall begin when you download or install the Product (whichever is earlier) and shall continue, unless otherwise terminated pursuant hereto, in perpetuity or for the term specified in the License granted hereunder. The Magicbit may terminate this Agreement by offering you a superseding Agreement for the Product or any replacement or modified version of the Product and conditioning your continued use of the Product or such replacement, modified or upgraded version or New Release on your acceptance of such superseding Agreement.  This Agreement may be also terminated by the Magicbit immediately and without notice if you fail to comply with any of your obligation or conditions of this Agreement.  Without prejudice to any other rights, this Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of the limitations or other requirements described herein.  Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, you must immediately cease use of the Product and destroy all copies of the Product.
2.6.  	No Rights Upon Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement you will no longer be authorized to Operate or use the Product in any way.
2.7.  	Material Terms and Conditions.  You specifically agree that each of the terms and conditions of this Section 2 are material and that failure of you to comply with these terms and conditions shall constitute sufficient cause for Magicbit to immediately terminate this Agreement and the License granted under this Agreement. The presence of this Section 2.7 shall not be relevant in determining the materiality of any other provision or breach of this Agreement by either party hereto.
2.8.  	Statistics. You acknowledge and agree that Magicbit may (i) collect, analyze and receive anonymous information about your computer, Services you used or searched for, websites you visited, and pages viewed to facilitate your Use of the Product and related Service; and (ii) import certain information from your Internet browser (e.g. Inertest Explore or Chrome) such as bookmarks, plug-inns and settings to help Magicbit to improve its offerings to you. 
3.	Restrictions.
3.1.  	No Transfers.  Under no circumstances you shall sell, loan, rent, lease, loan, license, sublicense, publish, display, distribute, or otherwise transfer to a third party the Product, any copy or use thereof, in whole or in part, without Magicbit's prior written consent, provided that if such non-waivable right is specifically granted to you under applicable law in your jurisdiction you may transfer your rights under this Agreement permanently to another person or entity, provided that a) you also transfer this Agreement, the Product, all accompanying printed materials, and all other software or hardware bundled or pre-installed with the Product, including all copies and prior versions, to such person or entity; b) retain no copies, including backups and copies stored on a Client Device; and c) the receiving party accepts the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any other terms and conditions upon which you legally purchased a license to the Product.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not transfer education, pre-release, or “not for resale” copies of the Product.  In no case you may permit third parties to benefit from the use or functionality of the Product via a time-sharing, service bureau or other arrangement, except to the extent such use is specified in the application price list, purchase order or product packaging for the Product. 
3.2.  	Prohibitions.  Except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement, you may not use, copy, emulate, clone, rent, lease, sell, modify, decompile, disassemble, otherwise reverse engineer, or otherwise reduce any party of the Product to human readable form or transfer the licensed Product, or any subset of the licensed Product, nor permit any third party to do so, except to the extent the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, decompiling the Software is permitted to the extent the laws of your jurisdiction give you the non-waivable right to do so to obtain information necessary to render the Software interoperable with other software; provided, however, that you must first request such information from the Magicbit and the Magicbit may, in its discretion, either provide such information to you (subject to confidentiality terms) or impose reasonable conditions, including a reasonable fee, on such use of the Software to ensure that the Magicbit's and its suppliers and/or Magicbits proprietary rights in the Software are protected.  You may not modify, or create derivative works based upon the Product in whole or in part.  Any such unauthorized use shall result in immediate and automatic termination of this Agreement and the License granted hereunder and may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.  Neither Product’s binary code nor source may be used or reverse engineered to re-create the program algorithm, which is proprietary, without written permission of the Magicbit. All rights not expressly granted here are reserved by Magicbit and/or its suppliers and Magicbits, as applicable.
3.3.  	Proprietary Notices and Copies. You may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Product.  You may not copy the Product except as expressly permitted in Section 2 above.  
3.4.  	No Transfer of Rights. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, you may not transfer or assign any of the rights granted to you under this Agreement or any of your obligations pursuant hereto.  
3.5.  	Compliance with Law.  You agree that in Operating the Product and in using any report or information derived as a result of Operating this Product, you will comply with all applicable international, national, state, regional and local laws and regulations, including, without limitation, privacy, copyright, export control and obscenity law.  
3.6.  	Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Magicbit and its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from any and all losses, liabilities, damages and claims, and all related expenses (including reasonable legal fees and disbursements and costs of investigation, litigation, settlement, judgment, interest and penalties) and costs related to, arising from, or in connection with any third-party claim related to, arising from, or in connection with the actual or alleged: (i) infringement by Licensee of any third-party intellectual property and/or proprietary right, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, publicity and/or privacy, (ii) personal injury (including death) or property damage due to the gross negligence or intentional misconduct of Licensee, and/or (iii) breach by Licensee of any of its representations, warranties, obligations, and/or covenants set forth herein.
3.7.  	Additional Protection Measures.  Solely for the purpose of preventing unlicensed use of the Product, the Software may install on your computer technological measures that are designed to prevent unlicensed use, and the Magicbit may use this technology to confirm that you have a licensed copy of the Product.  The Magicbit will not collect any personally identifiable information from your computer during this process.
4.	NO WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER.
4.1.  	NO IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES. EXCEPT FOR ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM TO THE EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME CANNOT OR MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW APPLICABLE TO YOU IN YOUR JURISDICTION, THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER AND THE MAGICBIT MAKES NO PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCT OR CONTENT THEREIN OR TO ANY OTHER MATERIAL FURNISHED OR PROVIDED TO YOU PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE.  YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES FOR SELECTION OF THE PRODUCT TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE PRODUCT.  THE MAGICBIT MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE PRODUCT WILL BE ERROR FREE OR FREE FROM INTERRUPTION OR FAILURE, OR THAT IT IS COMPATIBLE WITH ANY PARTICULAR HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MAGICBIT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, INTEGRATION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT AND THE ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS OR THE USE THEREOF.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PRODUCT MAY NOT BE OR BECOME AVAILABLE DUE TO ANY NUMBER OF FACTORS INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION PERIODIC SYSTEM MAINTENANCE, SCHEDULED OR UNSCHEDULED, ACTS OF GOD, TECHNICAL FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE, TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE, OR DELAY OR DISRUPTION ATTRIBUTABLE TO VIRUSES, DENIAL OF SERVICE ATTACKS, INCREASED OR FLUCTUATING DEMAND, AND ACTIONS AND OMISSIONS OF THIRD PARTIES.  THEREFORE, THE MAGICBIT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY REGARDING SYSTEM AND/OR SOFTWARE AVAILABILITY, ACCESSIBILITY, OR PERFORMANCE.  THE MAGICBIT DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE LOSS OF DATA DURING ANY COMMUNICATIONS AND ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO ANY FAILURE BY THE MAGICBIT TO TRANSMIT ACCURATE OR COMPLETE INFORMATION TO YOU. 
4.2.  	LIMITED LIABILITY; NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY DAMAGE RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN OR COMPILED BY THE PRODUCT, AND THE INTERACTION (OR FAILURE TO INTERACT PROPERLY) WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE WHETHER PROVIDED BY THE MAGICBIT OR A THIRD PARTY.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE MAGICBIT OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR MAGICBITS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE DISRUPTION IMPAIRMENT OR FAILURE, REPAIR COSTS, TIME VALUE OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT, OR THE INCOMPATIBILITY OF THE PRODUCT WITH ANY HARDWARE SOFTWARE OR USAGE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL MAGICBIT’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES IN ANY ONE OR MORE CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE PRODUCT.  THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION.  FURTHERMORE, BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 
5.	Your Information and the Magicbit’s Privacy Policy.
5.1.  	Privacy Policy.  You hereby expressly consent to the Magicbit’s processing of your personal data (which may be collected by the Magicbit or its distributors) according to the Magicbit’s current privacy policy as of the date of the effectiveness hereof which is incorporated into this Agreement by reference (see http://videodownloader.ummy.net/privacy-policy.html).  By entering into this Agreement, you agree that the Magicbit may collect and retain information about you, including your name, email address and credit card information.  The Magicbit employs other companies and individuals to perform functions its behalf.  Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.  They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. The Magicbit publishes a privacy policy on its web site and may amend such policy from time to time in its sole discretion.  You should refer to the Magicbit’s privacy policy prior to agreeing to this Agreement for a more detailed explanation of how your information will be stored and used by the Magicbit.  If “you” are an organization, you will ensure that each member of your organization (including employees and contractors) about whom personal data may be provided to the Magicbit has given his or her express consent to the Magicbit’s processing of such personal data.  Personal data will be processed by the Magicbit or its distributors in the country where it was collected, and possibly in the United States and Russian Federation.  The laws of such jurisdictions regarding processing of personal data may be less or more stringent than the laws in your jurisdiction.  
6.	Miscellaneous.
6.1.  	Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without reference to conflicts of law rules and principles.  To the extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Agreement shall supersede any provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted or made applicable to the Products in any competent jurisdiction.  This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly disclaimed and excluded.  The federal and state courts within the Commonwealth of Virginia shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising out of this Agreement.  You agree that this Agreement is to be performed in the Commonwealth of Virginia and that any action, dispute, controversy, or claim that may be instituted based on this Agreement, or arising out of or related to this Agreement or any alleged breach thereof, shall be prosecuted exclusively in the federal or state courts in of the Commonwealth of Virginia and you, to the extent permitted by applicable law, hereby waive the right to change venue to any other state, county, district or jurisdiction; provided, however, that the Magicbit as claimant shall be entitled to initiate proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction.
6.2.  	Class action waiver. Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute in any forum in connection with this Agreement shall be conducted solely on an individual basis. Neither you nor Magicbit shall seek to have any dispute or controversy in connection with this Agreement heard as a class action or in any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity.  Parties further agree that no arbitration or proceeding shall be combined with another arbitration or proceeding without the prior written consent of the other party. 
6.3.  	Period for Bringing Actions.  No action, regardless of form, arising out of the transactions under this Agreement, may be brought by either party hereto more than one (1) year after the cause of action has occurred, or was discovered to have occurred, except that an action for infringement of intellectual property rights may be brought within the maximum applicable statutory period.
6.4.  	Entire Agreement; Severability; No Waiver.  This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and supersedes any other prior agreements, proposals, communications or advertising, oral or written, with respect to the Product or to subject matter of this Agreement provided that the Magicbit and you may limit, modify or changes the applicability of the terms of this Agreement by a prior, contemporaneous or subsequent written agreement by referencing this Section 7.3 of the Agreement and expressly providing for such limitation, modification or changes.  You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement, understand it and agree to be bound by its terms.  If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part, such provision will be more narrowly construed so that it becomes legal and enforceable, and the entire Agreement will not fail on account thereof and the balance of the Agreement will continue in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.  No waiver of any breach of any provisions of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent or subsequent breach and no waiver will be effective unless made in writing.  
6.5.  	Contact Information.  Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, or if you desire to contact the Magicbit for any reason, please contact our Customer Department at: ummysoft@gmail.com 
Copyright © 2014 Magicbit, Inc. and its licensors.  All rights are expressly reserved. The program and accompanying documentation are the copyrighted property of their respective owners and protected by copyright laws and international intellectual property treaties.  The Magicbit, Inc.’s name and logo, and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Magicbit, Inc.  All other product and service marks contained herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. Any use of the Magicbit, Inc. or third parties’ trademarks or logos without the prior written consent of Magicbit, Inc. or the applicable trademark owner is strictly prohibited.
